How to Play
The goal of the game is to get to as high a level as possible, defeating all the monsters in a level will allow you to advance to the next level.
As the levels increase so too will the strength of your foes.
At the end of each level you will have the chance to choose a reward which you can use to increase your strength.

Combat
This is a turn based game, during your turn you may choose a skill or use a potion.
Since you will rarely have opportunities to restore your resources (Health and Mana), you must spend them wisely.
Damaging skills are used to damage the enemy, each skill has a damage type and enemies may be weak to certain damage types. Try to find their weakness, you can use Analysis to track your progress on each enemy type.
If you hit an enemy's weakness then the enemy will take additional damage and be knocked down (yellow) granting you an extra turn (but you do not gain an extra turn if the enemy is already knocked down).
You can also knock enemies down with Critical Strikes which are random but you can increase this chance with Gear or certain Skills.

Statuses
There are many statuses that can be used to give you an advantage in combat. If you hit an enemy with certain types that pair with a specific status then your skill will Technical which deals significantly more damage.
Statuses:
Shock - Prevents actions, Attacks cause Technical (and pass the status on)
Freeze - Prevents actions, Attacks cause Technical (do not pass on the status)
Burn - Damage over time
Curse - Current health based damage over time
Blast - Delayed damage, ignores defense and can't be evaded
Sleep - Prevents actions, but restores health. Any hit causes Technical
Forget - Prevents casting spells
Berserk - Massively increases offensive power and dramatically reduces defensive strength
Confuse - Greatly decreases accuracy and evasion
Fear - Prevents actions and drains mana

Skills
This menu lets you cast more powerful skills you have learned (you can learn up to 16)

Items
This menu lets you use potions (which cost a turn to use)

Stats
This menu views your current stats

Rewards
At the end of a level you will be able to select a skill, gear piece or potion. You can only choose one, so choose wisely.